Mention SELinux in README Docker section (#19938)
trinodb/trino: README.md

* Mac OS X or Linux
* Java 17.0.4+, 64-bit
* Docker

>   * Turn SELinux off on the build host, allowing containers to mount parts of the Trino source tree

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Turn SELinux or other systems disabling write access to the local checkout off, to allow containers to mount parts of the Trino source tree
```

>   * Turn SELinux or other systems disabling write access to the local checkout off, to allow containers to mount parts of the Trino source tree

Reviewer: can you wrap at 80 char column please

Author: Done in dce1fa8.
